Wow
Is this ancient times?
And beautiful women
Oh, no.
Have to be steady
Humph trash
Who are you so incompetent?
Didn't your father teach you to be polite?
I am the son of Lang Zhangji in the Ministry of Household
So your father is dead
No wonder. Is that okay?
Sujing
This is the courthouse
Who dares to speak wildly here
Pulled out to fight the second division
The police just said that you already know the truth of the case
I mean it.
Naturally serious
That official will give you a chance to tell the truth
If it expires
That officer will chop off your head immediately
I dare not, but before Lord Zhou solves the case
Caomin has a few things I want to confirm with you.
According to the dossier
My second uncle has never left the deceased Fang Xian since he came to Zhang's mansion
After my uncle leaves
That's when the fire started
And accidentally burned Zhang Jiazi, who lived in the next yard
Yeah, it's good.
Then why is everyone so sure that this fire must have been set by my second uncle?
No, have you ever read Volume Master Network?
The government decided that your second uncle was the murderer, not because he started a fire after he left
But someone saw him set the fire with their own eyes. Who?
Why can't you?
Are you the only one who saw it or someone else around you saw it too?
Why am I alone?
And how important is that?
Not important
It's incredibly important.
What did this Qin Feng hit?
Do you have any questions?
No, who is the murderer?